What's wrong with that trash called God Village?
I just remembered that my brother's name is Chen Huacan.
And the company we have been praying for cooperation
It's Huacan Group
Plus what happened recently
It seems that Huacan Group deliberately favors his younger brother
How could there be such a coincidence?
Sister, you just like to be a ghost
Just the same name?
I don't believe it anyway
What could he have to do with Huacan Group?
Besides, didn't you see it on your birthday?
It is because of him
I called Mr. Lu of Huacan Group
Your cooperation was cancelled.
Yes, if the cooperation goes bad
The bank will recover our loan
By then, the Jiang family will be closed down
There is no place for us in Pingcheng anymore
So we have to catch this villain back
Xiaolin, go and catch that rebel for me
If he dares not to come back
He demolished his house for me
Let him live on the streets
What are you doing here?
This is 2 million
As long as you are willing to go back and save the Jiang family
The money is yours.